hi my name is James Flint I'm a
videographer I'd like to take a moment
to talk to you about how to use a
microphone attached to your video camera
almost all video cameras whether they're
consumer cameras or prosumer cameras
have a built-in microphone but this is
not going to get you the best auto audio
quality so if you're looking to take
your filming to another level I
recommend using an external microphone
on a consumer camera more often than not
you're going to find that it has a 3.5
mini jack for the input for a microphone
this is a input jack this it's the exact
same size as a standard headphone jack
found on an iPod or any other set of
earphones basically that you would plug
a microphone in run the cord somewhere
outside of your shot and have the
microphone set up to pick up the audio
sometimes people use a boom and have the
microphone hanging above or below the
shot so you can't see it other times
they'll use a microphone clipped to a
person like you see myself wearing and
then another option is just to have a
microphone in a stand if you're going to
be using a prosumer camera for more
professional work you're going to have
an XLR input for your video for your
microphone and this is going to give you
a very professional sound recorded
through your microphone again you're
going to the same options whether you
want to have your mic on a boom on a
stand or clip to the person but the most
important thing is to understand how to
connect it the XLR will plug right into
your camera and again this is going to
give you really high audio quality it's
important to whether you're using the
mini jack or the XLR to check your audio
settings when you're doing your
recording to make sure that your
microphone and what's being recorded in
that is is not too loud or too soft you
want to be able to hear it and you don't
want it to be too loud that it's blown
out so it's important to understand the
difference between mini 3.5 input and
XLR input but it's you know no matter
what when you're using you know using a
microphone is going to get you far
better audio quality so that is how you
use a microphone with a video camera